Pedantic capitalization (#36840)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/writing_style_guide/code_style_guide/index.md

Some more general best practices include:

- The code example should be short and ideally show only the feature you are immediately interested in.

> - **Only** include code that is essential for the example. A large amount of non-relevant code can easily distract or confuse the reader. If you want to provide a full, more lengthy example, put it in one of our [GitHub repos](https://github.com/mdn/) (or a JSBin, CodePen, or similar) and then provide the link to the full version above or below the sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Only** include code that is essential for the example. A large amount of non-relevant code can easily distract or confuse the reader. If you want to provide a full, more lengthy example, put it in one of our [GitHub repos](https://github.com/mdn/) (or a JS Bin, CodePen, or similar) and then provide the link to the full version above or below the sample.
```

You might want to add JS Bin to your pedantic casing list 😉
